Passive
1. DNS Information 
2. Shodan.io
3. DNSDumpster
Active

At this point, you need to determine what attack vectors are possible on the system. Given it's a Windows system, it may not respond to pings. 
When attacking an Active Directory, or in fact any system, it is essential to gather useful information that will help define who, what, when and where. Here are some examples of what information to look for.

The location of the domain controllers (and other major AD services like KDC, DNS and so on). This can be achieved by resolving standard names, by scanning the network and with standard LDAP queries
The domain name. It can be found with standard LDAP queries, recon through MS-RPC named pipes, by combining different recon techniques with enum4linux, by inspecting multicast and broadcast name resolution queries, ...
Domain objects and relations between them with BloodHound, with MS-RPC named pipes and with enum4linux.

Collect Information that support potential attacks below. You are not attempting to discover new attacks (the role of a research) but rather exploitating vulnerabilities that are known.
https://medium.com/@RootRouteway/hacking-active-directory-from-reconnaissance-to-exploitation-part-1-0ec218c4d533

1. NMAP Scan


Reconnaissance	Resource Development	Initial Access	Execution	Persistence	Privilege Escalation	Defense Evasion	Credential Access	Discovery	Lateral Movement	Collection	Command and Control	Exfiltration	Impact
10 techniques	8 techniques	10 techniques	14 techniques	20 techniques	14 techniques	43 techniques	17 techniques	32 techniques	9 techniques	17 techniques	18 techniques	9 techniques	14 techniques

Active Scanning (3)
Note: In a real pentest this is rather noisy and if used, should be configured to be as quiet as possible. 

1. T1595.001	Scanning IP Blocks
2. T1595.002	Vulnerability Scanning - Consider the link below to see what information may be used. 
https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1595/002/
3. T1595.003	Wordlist Scanning - Wordlists used in these scans may contain generic, commonly used names and file extensions or terms specific to a particular software. Adversaries may also create custom, target-specific wordlists using data gathered from other Reconnaissance techniques (ex: Gather Victim Org Information, or Search Victim-Owned Websites).
https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1595/003/

Gather Victim Host Information (4)

1. administrative data (ex: name, assigned IP, functionality, etc.) as well as specifics regarding its configuration (ex: operating system, language, etc.).

Gather Victim Identity Information (3)

Gather Victim Network Information (6)

Gather Victim Org Information (4)
Phishing for Information (4)

Search Closed Sources (2)

Search Open Technical Databases (5)

Search Open Websites/Domains (3)

Search Victim-Owned Websites
